Q.1> What is software? What is software engineering?

A.1> Software:-The software is a collection of integrated programs.
	       Software subsists of carefully-organized instructions and code written by developers on any of various particular computer languages. 
	       Computer programs and related documentation such as requirements, design models and user manuals.

     Software engineering :- Software Engineering is a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable study and approach to the design, development, operation, and maintenance of a software system. 
			     Learn CS Theory concepts for SDE interviews with the CS Theory Course at a student-friendly price and become industry ready.

Q.2> Explain types of software?
	
A.2>	4 type of software
	1> Application software :- this is the most common type of computer software, and can be defined as end-user programs that helps you perform tasks or achieve a desired outcome.
				   the end-user is the person who is actually using a product or program.

	2> system software:- System software helps the user, the computer or mobile device, and an application all work together seamlessly.
			     This makes system software crucial to running any kind of application software as well as the whole computer system. 

	3> Programming Software :-While application software is designed for end-users, and system software is designed for computers or mobile devices, programming software is for computer programmers and developers who are writing code.
				 These are programs that are used to write, develop, test, and debug other software programs.
				 It’s helpful to think of these programs as a translator of sorts: they take programming languages like Laravel, Python, C++, and more and translate them into something a computer or phone will understand. 

	4> Driver Software :- This software is often considered to be a type of system software. Driver software operates and controls devices that are plugged into a computer.
			      These drivers make it possible for devices to perform their necessary functions.

Q.3> What is SDLC? Explain each phase of SDLC?

A.3> SDLC:-Software development life cycle. the SDLC is a framework defining tasks performed at a each step in the software development process.
	   the life cycle defines a methodology for improving the quality of software and the overall development process.
	1.requirement
	2.analysis
	3.designing ==> GD/ Wd ::: static :- website change ni thay
			   dynamic :- website any change to be developer
	4. development :

		 BE :- php,python,java,.net /
		 FE :- react.js, angular.js

	5.testing
	6. maintainance